docs(storybook): docs cleanup (#6495)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: 2nd-gen/packages/swc/.storybook/guides/accessibility-guides/headings_and_landmarks.mdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example (illustrative only — tag names may match your app's `swc` elements):
```

## Overview

> Landmarks and headings are the two main ways many screen reader users **scan a page** without reading it from top to bottom. Landmarks name large regions, for example: main content, navigation, or header. Headings (`h1`–`h6`) form a nested outline inside those regions. Together, they should match the real structure of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Landmarks and headings are the two main ways many screen reader users **scan a page** without reading it from top to bottom. Landmarks name large regions, like main content, navigation, or a page's header. Headings (`h1`–`h6`) form a nested outline inside those regions. Together, they should match the real structure of the screen.
```
After suggesting the previous change, I think this might flow a bit better.

### How screen readers use headings and landmarks

Together, landmarks and headings form a navigation map for people who don't use visual scanning. In [browse (or document)](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-screen-reader-testing--docs) mode, screen reader users are not limited to a single, linear read-through: they can jump to significant segments of content using landmarks and headings, often with dedicated shortcuts.

- **Headings:** Many screen readers let users move from heading to heading with one key. For example, NVDA and JAWS on Windows use <kbd>H</kbd> for the next heading and <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>H</kbd> for the previous heading. VoiceOver on macOS has its own heading navigation in the rotor and related commands. A logical `h1`–`h6` tree makes that a reliable outline of the page.

> - **Landmarks:** The same browse mode usually exposes a landmarks (or "regions") list or rotor entry so users can jump to main, navigation, complementary content, and other regions on the page. The exact shortcuts may differ. For example, NVDA uses <kbd>D</kbd>, JAWS uses <kbd>R</kbd>, and VoiceOver uses landmark rings in the rotor (see the table in [Screen reader testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-screen-reader-testing--docs#screen-reader-modes)). A small set of clear, uniquely-labeled landmarks is as important as a good heading hierarchy for "where am I on this page?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Landmarks:** The same browse mode usually exposes a landmarks (or "regions") list or rotor entry so users can jump to main, navigation, complementary content, or other regions on the page. The exact shortcuts may differ. For example, NVDA uses <kbd>D</kbd>, JAWS uses <kbd>R</kbd>, and VoiceOver uses landmark rings in the rotor (see the table in [Screen reader testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-screen-reader-testing--docs#screen-reader-modes)). A small set of clear, uniquely-labeled landmarks is just as important as a good heading hierarchy for helping users navigate a page.

The sections that follow go deeper into markup: the [related WCAG 2.2 success criteria](#related-wcag-success-criteria) table, landmarks (including when too many adds noise), heading levels and `aria` patterns, and [practical notes for Spectrum Web Components](#examples-in-a-spectrum-web-components-context) (for example, `heading-level`, slotted vs shadow headings). When you are ready to check the outline in the browser, the WAVE extension's **Structure** tab lists headings and regions, and also flags gaps or odd levels. See [WAVE toolbar testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-wave-toolbar-testing--docs#structure-tab) for more information.

> **Note:** This guide is about markup and page structure. It works alongside [screen reader testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-screen-reader-testing--docs), [keyboard testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-keyboard-testing--docs), and [semantic HTML and ARIA](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-semantic-html-aria--docs).

## Headings

> HTML heading elements are the only reliable way to expose a section outline to assistive technology and match what users get when they navigate by heading. Keep these basics in mind when you mark up titles and subsections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTML heading elements are the only reliable way to expose a section outline to assistive technology and match the user experience of navigating by heading. Keep these basics in mind when you mark up titles and subsections.
```

## Overview

> Landmarks and headings are the two main ways many screen reader users **scan a page** without reading it from top to bottom. Landmarks name large regions (for example, main content, navigation, header). Headings (`h1`–`h6`) form a nested outline inside those regions. Together they should match the real structure of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Landmarks and headings are the two main ways many screen reader users **scan a page** without reading it from top to bottom. Landmarks name large regions, for example: main content, navigation, or header. Headings (`h1`–`h6`) form a nested outline inside those regions. Together, they should match the real structure of the screen.
```

### How screen readers use headings and landmarks

> Together, landmarks and headings form a navigation map for people who do not use visual scanning. In [browse (or document)](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-screen-reader-testing--docs) mode, screen reader users are not limited to a single linear read-through: they can jump to significant structure using landmarks and headings, often with dedicated shortcuts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Together, landmarks and headings form a navigation map for people who don't use visual scanning. In [browse (or document)](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-screen-reader-testing--docs) mode, screen reader users are not limited to a single, linear read-through: they can jump to significant segments of content using landmarks and headings, often with dedicated shortcuts.
```

> - **Headings:** Many screen readers let users move from heading to heading with one key. For example, NVDA and JAWS on Windows use <kbd>H</kbd> for the next heading and <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>H</kbd> for the previous heading; VoiceOver on macOS has its own heading navigation in the rotor and related commands. A logical `h1`–`h6` tree is what makes that a reliable outline of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Headings:** Many screen readers let users move from heading to heading with one key. For example, NVDA and JAWS on Windows use <kbd>H</kbd> for the next heading and <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>H</kbd> for the previous heading. VoiceOver on macOS has its own heading navigation in the rotor and related commands. A logical `h1`–`h6` tree makes that a reliable outline of the page.
```

> - **Landmarks:** The same browse mode usually exposes a landmarks (or "regions") list or rotor entry so users can jump to main, navigation, complementary content, and other regions. The exact shortcuts differ (for example, <kbd>D</kbd> in NVDA, <kbd>R</kbd> in JAWS, and VoiceOver's landmarks ring in the rotor; see the table in [Screen reader testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-screen-reader-testing--readme#screen-reader-modes)). A small set of clear, uniquely labeled landmarks is as important as a good heading hierarchy for "where am I on this page?"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Landmarks:** The same browse mode usually exposes a landmarks (or "regions") list or rotor entry so users can jump to main, navigation, complementary content, and other regions. The exact shortcuts differ (for example, <kbd>D</kbd> in NVDA, <kbd>R</kbd> in JAWS, and VoiceOver's landmarks ring in the rotor; see the table in [Screen reader testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-screen-reader-testing--docs#screen-reader-modes)). A small set of clear, uniquely labeled landmarks is as important as a good heading hierarchy for "where am I on this page?"
```

> - **Landmarks:** The same browse mode usually exposes a landmarks (or "regions") list or rotor entry so users can jump to main, navigation, complementary content, and other regions. The exact shortcuts differ (for example, <kbd>D</kbd> in NVDA, <kbd>R</kbd> in JAWS, and VoiceOver's landmarks ring in the rotor; see the table in [Screen reader testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-screen-reader-testing--readme#screen-reader-modes)). A small set of clear, uniquely labeled landmarks is as important as a good heading hierarchy for "where am I on this page?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Landmarks:** The same browse mode usually exposes a landmarks (or "regions") list or rotor entry so users can jump to main, navigation, complementary content, and other regions on the page. The exact shortcuts may differ. For example, NVDA uses <kbd>D</kbd>, JAWS uses <kbd>R</kbd>, and VoiceOver uses landmark rings in the rotor (see the table in [Screen reader testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-screen-reader-testing--readme#screen-reader-modes)). A small set of clear, uniquely-labeled landmarks is as important as a good heading hierarchy for "where am I on this page?"
```

> For a full shortcut list, an overview of screen reader modes (including browse and focus), and a testing workflow, see [Screen reader testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-screen-reader-testing--docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full shortcut list, an overview of screen reader modes (including browse and focus), and a workflow for testing, see [Screen reader testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-screen-reader-testing--docs).
```

consistency in list

> The sections that follow go deeper on markup: the [related WCAG 2.2 success criteria](#related-wcag-success-criteria) table, landmarks (including when too many add noise), heading levels and `aria` patterns, and [practical notes for Spectrum Web Components](#examples-in-a-spectrum-web-components-context) (for example, `heading-level`, slotted vs shadow headings). When you are ready to check the outline in the browser, the WAVE extension's **Structure** tab lists headings and regions and flags gaps or odd levels. See [WAVE toolbar testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-wave-toolbar-testing--readme#structure-tab).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sections that follow go deeper on markup: the [related WCAG 2.2 success criteria](#related-wcag-success-criteria) table, landmarks (including when too many add noise), heading levels and `aria` patterns, and [practical notes for Spectrum Web Components](#examples-in-a-spectrum-web-components-context) (for example, `heading-level`, slotted vs shadow headings). When you are ready to check the outline in the browser, the WAVE extension's **Structure** tab lists headings and regions and flags gaps or odd levels. See [WAVE toolbar testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-wave-toolbar-testing--docs#structure-tab).
```

> The sections that follow go deeper on markup: the [related WCAG 2.2 success criteria](#related-wcag-success-criteria) table, landmarks (including when too many add noise), heading levels and `aria` patterns, and [practical notes for Spectrum Web Components](#examples-in-a-spectrum-web-components-context) (for example, `heading-level`, slotted vs shadow headings). When you are ready to check the outline in the browser, the WAVE extension's **Structure** tab lists headings and regions and flags gaps or odd levels. See [WAVE toolbar testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-wave-toolbar-testing--readme#structure-tab).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sections that follow go deeper into markup: the [related WCAG 2.2 success criteria](#related-wcag-success-criteria) table, landmarks (including when too many adds noise), heading levels and `aria` patterns, and [practical notes for Spectrum Web Components](#examples-in-a-spectrum-web-components-context) (for example, `heading-level`, slotted vs shadow headings). When you are ready to check the outline in the browser, the WAVE extension's **Structure** tab lists headings and regions, and also flags gaps or odd levels. See [WAVE toolbar testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-wave-toolbar-testing--readme#structure-tab) for more information.
```

> **Note:** This guide is about markup and page structure. It works alongside [screen reader testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-screen-reader-testing--docs), [keyboard testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-keyboard-testing--docs), and [semantic HTML and ARIA](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-semantic-html-aria--docs).

## Headings

> The HTML heading elements are the only reliable way to expose a section outline to assistive technology and to match what users get when they navigate by heading. Keep these basics in mind when you mark up titles and subsections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTML heading elements are the only reliable way to expose a section outline to assistive technology and match what users get when they navigate by heading. Keep these basics in mind when you mark up titles and subsections.
```

- Use native heading elements: `h1`–`h6`
- **Rank** indicates level in the outline: `h1` is the top level, `h2` is a subsection of the nearest higher section, and so on
- Organize content so headings reflect the real structure of the page, not only font size

### Use headings semantically

> Headings are for structure, not only for looks. Use real heading elements for section titles; use CSS (or design system typography tokens) for appearance. A clear visual hierarchy that matches the semantic hierarchy helps everyone, including people with low vision or cognitive disabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Headings create structure, not just a visual hierarchy. Use real heading elements for section titles and CSS (or design system typography tokens) for appearance. A clear visual hierarchy that matches the semantic hierarchy helps everyone, including people with low vision or cognitive disabilities.
```

### Prefer native HTML landmarks to ARIA-only landmarks

See [Why prefer semantic elements](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-semantic-html-aria--readme#why-prefer-semantic-elements) and [ARIA as a secondary method](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-semantic-html-aria--readme#aria-as-a-secondary-method) in [Semantic HTML and ARIA](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-semantic-html-aria--docs): prefer native landmark elements when they match the job, and add ARIA only when HTML cannot express the needed role or relationship. In practice, use `main`, `nav`, `header`, `footer`, and `aside` in the light DOM (with appropriate labels where a landmark type can repeat) instead of generic `div`s with ARIA `role` attributes, unless a pattern in the [ARIA authoring practices guide (APG)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/) calls for a specific widget role. The same "prefer HTML" point appears in MDN's [ARIA `region` role: Best practices, Prefer HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles/region_role#prefer_html).

### Don't overuse landmarks

> Landmark roles are meant to label broad parts of the layout. Adding extra `region` (or `role="region"`) boundaries everywhere can add noise in the landmarks list, make the overall structure harder to understand, and get in the way of quick navigation, similar to piling on redundant utilities elsewhere in the page. The [ARIA `region` role, Accessibility concerns](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles/region_role#accessibility_concerns) section on MDN says to use landmarks sparingly and to reconsider the page's structure if you need "too many" regions. If no dedicated landmark type fits, prefer revisiting headings and the real information architecture before defaulting to generic `region` after generic `region`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Landmark roles are meant to label broad parts of the layout. Adding extra `region` (or `role="region"`) boundaries can add noise in the landmarks list. This makes the overall structure harder to understand, and gets in the way of quick navigation, similar to adding redundant utilities elsewhere on the page. The [ARIA `region` role, Accessibility concerns](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles/region_role#accessibility_concerns) section on MDN recommends using landmarks sparingly, and reconsidering the page's structure if you need "too many" regions. If no dedicated landmark type fits, revisit headings and the real information architecture before defaulting to generic `region` after generic `region`.
```

## Using headings and landmarks together

### Headings for fixed regions (for example, sidebars)

> A sidebar or repeated block that is the same on every page may use a self-contained mini-outline (for example, its own `h2` for "On this page") that does not follow the main content's next level. This is a common pattern. What matters is **consistency** and clarity so users are not disoriented when they move between main and complementary content. Prefer landmarks (`aside`, `nav`, and the [complementary](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles/complementary_role) role where appropriate) and clear labels so the purpose of the region is obvious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sidebar or repeated block that is the same on every page may use a self-contained mini-outline, like its own `h2` for "On this page", which does not follow the main content's next level. This is a common pattern. What matters is **consistency** and clarity so users are not disoriented when they move between main and complementary content. Prefer landmarks (`aside`, `nav`, and the [complementary](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles/complementary_role) role where appropriate) and clear labels so the purpose of the region is obvious.
```

### Main content and navigation order

> The first heading in main content is often the page's primary topic. If site-wide navigation and banners come first in the DOM, they should still be correctly marked (`nav`, `header`, landmarks) so users can skip to `main` (for example, skip links for [bypass blocks](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/bypass-blocks.html)). Do not put the main page `h1` only in a place that is not the primary content if that would misrepresent the document in the outline. [WAVE's **Structure** tab](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-wave-toolbar-testing--readme#structure-tab) can help you review this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first heading in main content is often the page's primary topic. If site-wide navigation and banners come first in the DOM, they should still be correctly marked (`nav`, `header`, landmarks) so users can skip to `main` (for example, skip links for [bypass blocks](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/bypass-blocks.html)). Do not put the main page `h1` only in a place that is not the primary content if that would misrepresent the document in the outline. [WAVE's **Structure** tab](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-wave-toolbar-testing--docs#structure-tab) can help you review this.
```

> The first heading in main content is often the page's primary topic. If site-wide navigation and banners come first in the DOM, they should still be correctly marked (`nav`, `header`, landmarks) so users can skip to `main` (for example, skip links for [bypass blocks](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/bypass-blocks.html)). Do not put the main page `h1` only in a place that is not the primary content if that would misrepresent the document in the outline. [WAVE's **Structure** tab](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-wave-toolbar-testing--readme#structure-tab) can help you review this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first heading in main content is often the page's primary topic. If site-wide navigation and banners come first in the DOM, they should still be correctly marked (`nav`, `header`, landmarks) so users can skip to `main` (for example, skip links for [bypass blocks](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/bypass-blocks.html)). Do not put the main page's `h1` in a place other than the primary content if doing so would misrepresent the document in the outline. [WAVE's **Structure** tab](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-wave-toolbar-testing--readme#structure-tab) can help you review this.
```

> For how screen readers use headings in browse mode, see [How screen readers use headings and landmarks](#how-screen-readers-use-headings-and-landmarks); for platform shortcuts, see [Screen reader testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-screen-reader-testing--docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For how screen readers use headings in browse mode, see [How screen readers use headings and landmarks](#how-screen-readers-use-headings-and-landmarks). For platform shortcuts, see [Screen reader testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-screen-reader-testing--docs).
```

### Sections and `aria-labelledby`

> For a region with a heading, you can associate the heading with the section using `aria-labelledby` on the sectioning element, pointing to the heading's `id`. That strengthens the programmatic relationship for assistive technology. See [Semantic HTML and ARIA](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-semantic-html-aria--docs) for how light-DOM structure fits custom elements; do not use heading markup only for visual weight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a region with a heading, you can associate the heading with the section using `aria-labelledby` on the sectioning element, pointing to the heading's `id`. That strengthens the programmatic relationship for assistive technology. See [Semantic HTML and ARIA](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-semantic-html-aria--docs) for how light-DOM structure fits custom elements. Do not use heading markup only for visual weight.
```

## Examples in a Spectrum Web Components context

> Custom elements in this library often compose with content you provide in the light DOM. You are responsible for landmarks, headings, and labels around those components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom elements in this library often compose with content you provide in the light DOM. You are responsible for landmarks, headings, and labels for those components.
```

> Use native landmark wrappers (`main`, `nav`, and so on) in the page shell where you control the markup. Some components take a heading as slotted content, so you put a real `h1`–`h6` in the light DOM where the API allows. Other components render a heading in shadow DOM; those typically have a default heading level and expose a `heading-level` attribute (or a matching property) so the rendered heading level matches what you need in the document outline. When you use any component that surfaces a heading, whether slotted or shadow, choose levels that match the page hierarchy (WAVE's **Structure** tab is a quick way to confirm the combined outline; see [WAVE toolbar testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-wave-toolbar-testing--readme#structure-tab)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use native landmark wrappers (`main`, `nav`, and so on) in the page shell where you control the markup. Some components take a heading as slotted content, so you put a real `h1`–`h6` in the light DOM where the API allows. Other components render a heading in shadow DOM; those typically have a default heading level and expose a `heading-level` attribute (or a matching property) so the rendered heading level matches what you need in the document outline. When you use any component that surfaces a heading, whether slotted or shadow, choose levels that match the page hierarchy (WAVE's **Structure** tab is a quick way to confirm the combined outline; see [WAVE toolbar testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-wave-toolbar-testing--docs#structure-tab)).
```

> Use native landmark wrappers (`main`, `nav`, and so on) in the page shell where you control the markup. Some components take a heading as slotted content, so you put a real `h1`–`h6` in the light DOM where the API allows. Other components render a heading in shadow DOM; those typically have a default heading level and expose a `heading-level` attribute (or a matching property) so the rendered heading level matches what you need in the document outline. When you use any component that surfaces a heading, whether slotted or shadow, choose levels that match the page hierarchy (WAVE's **Structure** tab is a quick way to confirm the combined outline; see [WAVE toolbar testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-wave-toolbar-testing--readme#structure-tab)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use native landmark wrappers (`main`, `nav`, and so on) in the page shell where you control the markup. Some components take a heading as slotted content, so put a real `h1`–`h6` in the light DOM where the API allows for it. Other components render a heading in the shadow DOM; those typically have a default heading level and expose a `heading-level` attribute (or a matching property) to match the rendered heading level with the document outline. When you use any component that surfaces a heading, whether slotted or shadow, choose levels that match the page hierarchy. WAVE's **Structure** tab is a quick way to confirm the combined outline: see [WAVE toolbar testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-wave-toolbar-testing--readme#structure-tab).
```

Author: There's a later comment on this line, I think that one is the change that has been applied 🙂

Patterns that work well:

> 1. **One main topic per view:** A single `h1` for the page or view title, then `h2` for major sections, `h3` for subsections

Author: ```suggestion
1. **One main topic per view:** A single `h1` for the page or view title, then `h2` for major sections, `h3` for subsections.
```

2. **Component + heading:** Place a native heading before a block of related components so the section is named in the outline (for example, an `h2` "Actions" before a row of buttons)

> 3. **Avoid fake headings:** Do not use a `div` or `span` with large text when the content is a title; use the appropriate `h1`–`h6` and style it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Avoid fake headings:** Do not use a `div` or `span` with large text when the content is a title. Instead, use the appropriate `h1`–`h6` and style it
```

4. **Dialogs and cards:** If a dialog or card has a title, expose it with a real heading or an appropriate accessible name (for example, `aria-labelledby` pointing to the title string), following the component's documentation

> 5. **Check the component's docs:** Slot vs shadow heading behavior and the exact `heading-level` (or `level`) API can differ by component; align every heading with the surrounding `h1`–`h6` structure

Author: ```suggestion
2. **Component + heading:** Place a native heading before a block of related components so that the section is named in the outline (for example, use an `h2` "Actions" before a row of buttons).
3. **Avoid fake headings:** Do not use a `div` or `span` with large text when the content is a title. Instead, use the appropriate `h1`-`h6` and style it.
4. **Dialogs and cards:** If a dialog or card has a title, expose it with a real heading or an appropriate accessible name (for example, `aria-labelledby` pointing to the title string), following the component's documentation.
5. **Check the component's docs:** Slot versus shadow heading behavior and the APIs for exact `heading-level`s (or `level`s) can differ by component.  Align every heading with the surrounding `h1`-`h6` structure.
```

Patterns that work well:

1. **One main topic per view:** A single `h1` for the page or view title, then `h2` for major sections, `h3` for subsections
2. **Component + heading:** Place a native heading before a block of related components so the section is named in the outline (for example, an `h2` "Actions" before a row of buttons)
3. **Avoid fake headings:** Do not use a `div` or `span` with large text when the content is a title. Instead, use the appropriate `h1`–`h6` and style it
4. **Dialogs and cards:** If a dialog or card has a title, expose it with a real heading or an appropriate accessible name (for example, `aria-labelledby` pointing to the title string), following the component's documentation

> 5. **Check the component's docs:** Slot vs shadow heading behavior and the exact `heading-level` (or `level`) API can differ by component; align every heading with the surrounding `h1`–`h6` structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **One main topic per view:** Use a single `h1` for the page or view title, then `h2` for major sections and`h3` for subsections.
2. **Component + heading:** Place a native heading before a block of related components so that the section is named in the outline (for example, use an `h2` "Actions" before a row of buttons).
3. **Avoid fake headings:** Do not use a `div` or `span` with large text when the content is a title. Instead, use the appropriate `h1`–`h6` and style it
4. **Dialogs and cards:** If a dialog or card has a title, expose it with a real heading or an appropriate accessible name (for example, `aria-labelledby` pointing to the title string), following the component's documentation.
5. **Check the component's docs:** Slot versus shadow heading behavior and the APIs for exact `heading-level`s (or `level`s) can differ by component.  Align every heading with the surrounding `h1`–`h6` structure.
```
removing semicolons and adding periods to the other list items

Custom elements in this library often **compose** with content you provide in the **light DOM**. **You** are responsible for **landmarks, headings, and labels** around those components.

> Use native landmark wrappers (`main`, `nav`, and so on) in the page shell where you control the markup. Some components take a heading as **slotted** content, so you put a real `h1`–`h6` in the light DOM where the API allows. Other components **render a heading in shadow DOM**; those typically have a default heading level and expose a **`heading-level`** attribute (or a matching property) so the **rendered** heading level matches what you need in the document outline. When you use any component that surfaces a heading, whether slotted or shadow, **choose levels that match the page hierarchy** (WAVE’s **Structure** tab is a quick way to confirm the combined outline; see [WAVE toolbar testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-wave-toolbar-testing--readme#structure-tab)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use native landmark wrappers, like `main` or `nav`, in the page shell where you control the markup. Some components take a heading as **slotted** content, so use a real `h1`–`h6` in the light DOM where the API allows. Other components **render a heading in the shadow DOM**. This is because they typically have a default heading level and expose a **`heading-level`** attribute (or a matching property), meaning the **rendered** heading level matches what you need in the document outline. When using any component that surfaces a heading, whether slotted or shadow, **choose levels that match the page hierarchy**. WAVE’s **Structure** tab is a quick way to confirm the combined outline — see [WAVE toolbar testing](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-wave-toolbar-testing--readme#structure-tab)).
```
